Meaning of Boutique
The simplest definition of what a boutique hotel is “a small, sophisticated, and fashionable business or establishment“.

This simply means that a boutique hotel is — a small, stylish hotel, usually located in a fashionable location in the city’s urban district.

There is no strict definition when it comes to describing boutique hotels. However, they usually showcase common features that give a distinct characteristic to these types of properties.

Compared to regular hotels, boutique hotels are generally smaller, more intimate, and usually feature a strong artistic sense and focus on design.

Moreover, its appeal lies to its promising services, Instagram-worthy spots, and decors, as well as its location.

This type of property is usually found in city centers and other fashionable districts that feature a great sense of that city’s culture.

Boutique Hotel Requirements
There are no strict requirements when it comes to creating boutique hotels.

However, most hotels follow some guidelines that help them fall into this category.

While these are not all heavily followed, these are observed most of the time and can be seen almost everywhere.

Here are some of boutique hotel’s most noticeable characteristics:

1. Smaller in Size
2. Unique in character
3. Gives a lot of attention to design
3. Located in fashionable areas
4. Personalized Services
5. Great selection of things to do

UK = HOME is a 4-star hotel that features a mix of Ukrainian and modern style.

The hotel exudes luxury. Starting with its lobby’s light fixture made out of Swarovski crystals. It also houses some old photos of Ukraine.

The hotel rooms follow a white, cream, and gold color scheme. This gives the rooms a bright and spacious feel. Also, rooms are furnished with ethno furniture.

Moreover, each room and suite have its own complimentary tea and coffee making facilities, and satellite TV.

Aside from this, UK = HOME offers a generous breakfast spread in their cafe bar.

However, under good weather, the hotel serves breakfast in the hotel’s lush garden courtyard with a little fountain in the middle.

Despite not having its own restaurant, the hotel’s location abounds with local eateries, making sure you have options for your meals.

Good to know: Guests are welcomed with refreshing drinks and prosecco upon arrival plus cold fresh towels. You can also ask for a private pick-up at the airport for additional fees.